docs/source/index.md, before:

# arviz-stats
ArviZ statistics and diagnostics functions.

## Installation

It currently can only be installed with pip:

::::{tab-set}
:::{tab-item} PyPI
:sync: stable

```bash
pip install "arviz-stats[xarray]"
```
:::
:::{tab-item} GitHub
:sync: dev

```bash
pip install "arviz-stats[xarray] @ git+https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz-stats"
```
:::
::::


Note that it is also possible to install `arviz-stats` without the `[xarray]`.
Doing that will install a minimal package, which only depends on numpy and scipy.
Consequently, the functions that take arrays as inputs will be available,
but many features won't be available. This is only recommended for libraries
that want to compute diagnostics and statistical summaries but don't want
to depend on xarray.

```{toctree}
:caption: Reference
:hidden:

api/index
```

```{toctree}
:hidden:
:caption: Tutorials

ArviZ in Context <https://arviz-devs.github.io/EABM/>
```

```{toctree}
:caption: Background
:hidden:

background
```

```{toctree}
:caption: About
:hidden:

BlueSky <https://bsky.app/profile/arviz.bsky.social>
Mastodon <https://bayes.club/@ArviZ>
GitHub repository <https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz-stats>
```

Commit message:

ArviZ stats minimal install tests+docs and architecture documentation (#103)
* start optional dependencies test infra

* update tox config

* extend documentation

* add more array interface tests

* finish tests for array interface of diagnostics

* improve tests, docs and axes/axis consistency

* add some docs

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Osvaldo A Martin <aloctavodia@gmail.com>

* Update docs/source/array_stats_only.ipynb

Co-authored-by: Osvaldo A Martin <aloctavodia@gmail.com>

* improve docs

* update axes in numba array class

* doc fix attempt

* update rtd build env

---------

Co-authored-by: Osvaldo A Martin <aloctavodia@gmail.com>

docs/source/index.md, after:

# arviz-stats
ArviZ statistics and diagnostics functions.

(installation)=
## Installation

It currently can only be installed with pip:

::::{tab-set}
:::{tab-item} PyPI
:sync: stable

```bash
pip install "arviz-stats[xarray]"
```
:::
:::{tab-item} GitHub
:sync: dev

```bash
pip install "arviz-stats[xarray] @ git+https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz-stats"
```
:::
::::


Note that it is also possible to install `arviz-stats` without the `[xarray]`.
Doing that will install a minimal package, which only depends on numpy and scipy.
Consequently, the functions that take arrays as inputs will be available,
but many features won't be available.

This is mostly aimed at advanced users or libraries that want to use ArviZ
to compute diagnostics and statistical summaries but don't want to depend on xarray.

```{toctree}
:caption: Reference
:hidden:

api/index
```

```{toctree}
:hidden:
:caption: Tutorials

array_stats_only
ArviZ in Context <https://arviz-devs.github.io/EABM/>
```

```{toctree}
:caption: Background
:hidden:

background
```

```{toctree}
:caption: Contributing
:hidden:

contributing/testing.md
```

```{toctree}
:caption: About
:hidden:

BlueSky <https://bsky.app/profile/arviz.bsky.social>
Mastodon <https://bayes.club/@ArviZ>
GitHub repository <https://github.com/arviz-devs/arviz-stats>
```
